Support variable flash and RAM start addresses and sizes. (#10)
ryankurte/efm32-base: README.md

4. `make` to execute the build
5. `make flash` to flash to a device

> When configuring the build, you may want to define using the `-D` flag the variables `DEVICE`, `FLASH_ORIGIN`, `FLASH_LENGTH`, `RAM_ORIGIN` and `RAM_LENGTH`. If not defined, the build will use the default memory adresses and sizes for the FLASH and RAM regions defined in the Silicon Labs provided linker script for your device (these are usually `0x00000000` and `0x20000000` for flash start and RAM start, respectively).

Reviewer: Possible change, depending on your application it's useful to configure this from the command line or in your own `CMakeLists.txt`

```suggestion
When configuring the build, you may want to define (either in `CMakeLists.txt`or using the `-D` flag) the variables `DEVICE`, `FLASH_ORIGIN`, `FLASH_LENGTH`, `RAM_ORIGIN` and `RAM_LENGTH`. If not defined, the build will use the default memory addresses and sizes for the FLASH and RAM regions defined in the Silicon Labs provided linker script for your device (these are usually `0x00000000` and `0x20000000` for flash start and RAM start, respectively).
```
